feat: Add new generation of token names (#1741)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/design-tokens/docs/pages/how-to-migrate-to-v3.stories.mdx

There are two significant and breaking changes that are occurring as of the next release:

> * The top level token namespace will be removed; tokens will be named `$color-purple-100`, `$spacing-md` etc, without any `kz` or `kz-var` prefix.

Reviewer: Good stuff. 👍

> * There may be more breaking changes, such as renaming color names (e.g. Wisteria -> Purple). Follow #updates_design_systems on Slack to stay informed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The names of the color tokens will use the common name. For example, Wisteria becomes Purple, Cluny becomes Blue and so on. 
* This is not an exhaustive list of changes, there may be other breaking changes. Follow #updates_design_systems on Slack to stay informed.
```

Reviewer: It might be because it's getting late, but this phrasing isn't the best. Now that we know the what all the colours are changing to we should call it out specifically.
